there's not much time you got to be
miles away from me at the door where I
see follow that no of you stop if
they're no stars just follow the river
listen for them fear is your enemy whoa
easy now I'm gonna be for your dad I
don't know if you know how extraordinary
this is but you have made it 100 miles
to freedom all by yourself would you
like to pick a new name to mark your
freedom heritable
[Music]
you are welcome here any time if I'm
freed my family should be too I made up
my mind I'm going back
you're confident compose with trouble
columns you'll be ready
papers says here you five and half feet
tall you ain't more than five feet
muscle on my habbo said day
fight back you hae become ditch bring
all of you to freedom
do you know what would happen if you got
caught you got lucky
Harry I made a diss Farmall so don't you
tell me what I can do
[Music]
Harry welcome to the Underground
Railroad
everybody everywhere is looking for you
God don't mean people to own people
sandesh thief and burn her at the stake
I'll give every last drop of blood in my
face until this master course slavery is
dead
ready
talk talk fast you first my name is
Sarah Connor
August 29 1997
supposed to be Judgment Day
but I changed the future saved three
billion lives enough of a resume for you
know
you may have changed the future
you didn't change our fate
you're scared
I'm here to protect you
I've never seen one like you before
almost human I am human
just enhanced
why do you care what happens to her
because I was her
I can see you're very upset I'm going to
help you protect the girl
nobody else is gonna that because of me
if you don't make it
everybody dies respect a big pain
brother whole body's a weapon
all right
[Music]
and this is all over I am going to kill
you I understand
I'll be back
okay listen I get something wrong with
me that's the first thing to know I
twitch and shout a lot makes me look
like a damn freak show cut that out
touch it Bailey I'm sorry but inside my
heads an even bigger mess I can't stop
twisting things around words and sounds
especially have to keep playing with
them until they come out right sorry
she's figured I asked like I said a damn
mess then I started working for Frank
Frank men a private eye boys Frank
frankly frankly Franco
he's the one who taught me how to use my
head turn it into his strength he gave
me a place in his crappy world until I
screwed up
[Music]
does anybody know what Frank was into on
this there's something going down and
it's big and they were not happy about
what he found we find who did this we
square it counts if I figure it out I'm
gonna make him regret it I promise you
that that's her that's the girl that
Frank was following I think she found
something
what happens to poor people in this city
was a news yesterday and it won't be
tomorrow where's everybody go mostly
just disappear this town is run by Moses
Randolph when someone isn't seen for
what they truly are that's a very
dangerous thing if the first inkling of
power works power is knowing that you
can do whatever you want or not one
person can stop you
those people are invisible they don't
exist if you threaten his work he will
destroy you y'all alone you got no idea
the webbed up in this somehow and these
people aren't gonna stop if you got a
head just like my always turning things
around some people call it a gift but
it's a brain the flesh and just to say
do you remember what I said she doesn't
know she doesn't know what don't I know
[Music]
Swifty's the name you're looking at the
next lead dog for the arch and blast
delivery service you're about to see the
magic show in 3 and the 2 and the 1 and
shoo swifty
I think I'm pouring a pill we a pill
swifty always dreamed of being the
world's greatest sled dog you are not a
dog what you are a small arctic fox and
today you can't fight your metabolism I
can well that tree is about to take off
swifty hey swifty please deliver this
package for me alright go Wow are you
sure about this what's the worst that
could happen
good morning I've been waiting for this
moment we round up the bad guys bada
bing bada boom justice served
how about you Oh something very bad is
going on in the Arctic jeremy renner we
got to stop Heidi Klum James Franco even
the resistance Jim please surprise
Omer sides mainly michael madsen arctic
straw Laurie hope what do we got here
with anjelica huston
is my number one stop and Alec Baldwin
oh no we're gonna be late any second are
you crazy
[Music]
I am freaking out man
what could possibly go wrong we get the
kama flats popsicle arctic dogs yes ah
that smell it's like the planet made a
poopie
gentlemen we are smokejumpers the most
elite team of firefighters in the world
we must be in our very back to your
parents I'm legally bound to take Arius
so that's what I'm gonna do an intern
you're gonna feel videus so we can do
our job and when you do this when you
when you go like like that it's not
helpful go stands under my watch me
fireman can't turn my neck what needs to
happen this second is you got to watch
your tone little sister or what masher
is coming to rock you were what just
happened I think the baby just broke it
dog suit I get distracted I can't do
this job effectively don't you remember
what it's like to be a kid did we kill
you
[Music]
[Applause]
now it's a party
what kind of firefighters are you I know
you don't see it but he has too sweet
side
[Music]
oh what a rush
boom boom what's boom boom don't do it
around with it this film is not yet
rated look okay it's not my fault
I bet nothing's ever your fault is it
darling you have thrown away your life
working in some silly Christmas shop
[Music]
this is my little helper I have
nicknamed her lazy that alpaca she
appears never to walk so there's really
just kidding
what Jesus is your comfort well what are
you looking at your Falcon oh damn it
I think you're just pooed in your eye
yeah I think so it's good luck you know
what is your poodle my bed I'm busy
you're weird good bye you've missed five
doctor's appointments
mum is scared
so tell me about the sleep exercise at
all alcohol oh she's like the pirate no
okay fine thank you doctor thank you so
much for your time let's go again oh you
mean again did you follow me here are
elves always so cynical
yes relentlessly these are dark times
I'm Tom Kate will you murder me so what
is it that you do I sing oh it's amazing
anyway boring boring I'm gonna board
where are you going
fine that way you're not homeless no I
volunteered why didn't you just get
saved I do - no 4head you were great at
your job when you start it right now
it's like you don't care anymore yeah hi
hi Kyle I'm a mess
I was really sick and I nearly died I
don't tell people cuz they get weird but
I don't think you'll get no I'm just
scared all the time but they just expect
me to be normal they always like there's
no such thing as normal
it's just being a human being is hard
maybe you should do something nice for
someone deck the halls with boughs of
holly fa la la la la la la la la tis the
season to be jolly oh boy
[Applause]
- volunteering the shelter seriously
that sounds like a healthy choice what's
wrong with you I've been trying to find
you you keep disappearing I'm gonna do
bump into you accidentally I might add
it wasn't accidental
[Applause]
why me is always gonna be here like I'm
gonna make mistakes and that's okay
you're made of everything you do
[Music]
there's this kid he didn't think he
could cut it I forget it was just the
usual jitters I take him under my wing
he was fighting to be scared
Pearl Harbor is the greatest
intelligence failure in American history
this can never happen again
I want to make it right
at least some of the boys still wanna
fight
the Japanese are playing something
bigger so what's the target
we believe it's Midway Washington
disagrees Washington is wrong
if we lose the Japanese on the West
Coast Seattle San Francisco Los Angeles
Oh burn
we got the order a lot we need to throw
a punch so they know what it feels like
to be hit
we're talking about a couple dozen
planes it's all Japanese fleet
this isn't a fair fight
I don't know lead this man
they'll follow you anywhere
you know that you came through
when people are counting money
you'll be able to face anything
[Music]
when I was a kid there was a place a
dark place
they closed it down we let it rot
but the things that lived there
they come back now many ride the bus
this far north you're running away from
something
I'm running away from myself I guess
you can hear me your magic like me I
don't know about magic
I was called it the shining the world is
a hungry place the dangerous place
[Music]
these people they hurt people like us
these into Devils they eat or chance
little girl they're coming
oh we go
there's a place
you sure you want to do this
yes you Randy and then I'll find you
and your screen for years
[Music]
[Applause]
hello I wish I was a little on the
rebels I was a ball there Ruggles ahead
I grew
what am I being arrested for am I being
arrested for huh you think you're high
you don't know how good I am at what I
knew I see you come try real hard be a
twelve-year-old pie fight it's not a pie
fight
think it through what you love you got a
job for it just in case in case what I
in case you fail in case you don't want
to go yes man she's filling your head
full of beer I pump you full of strength
it's wrong team and I know you got what
it takes you're stalling I know it
that's why I'm here I'm your cheerleader
honey boy
don't need to talk about my dad good
take good tape you did it daddy
good job everybody my dad's not the
reason that drink he's the reason I work
[Music]
you have banette I have good instincts I
got rodeo clown dancing so I could never
make it in Hollywood if you throw an
idea
how do you think it feels to have my son
paying me
how do you think that feels you wouldn't
be here if I didn't pay you is how I you
think you do it for the money
it's the game the adrenaline rush what
if it is and we are tickety-boo
Thomas James is worth millions I'm gonna
take it off
seems like you've had quite a powerful
enough to last several nights and you
know it's very peculiar doing things
you'd never imagine secrets between you
God the devil and the dead
you're becoming a very good liar the
good liar rated-r how long we've known
each other chin I ever break a promise
to you I will put you in the driver's
seat
Philemon you just shut your mouth and
let me do my thing
all right morning Shelby Warren Molly
appeals now go to hell
and that's it folks Ferrari wins to 24
hours of LaVon for the fifth consecutive
year
mr. Ford Ferrari has a message for you
sir what did they say
she said Ford makes ugly little cars in
an ugly factories and God you fat sir
we're gonna bury Ferrari at LeMond so
the great cowl Shelby is gonna build a
car to beat Ferrari with a forward
correct and how long did you tell them
you needed two or three hundred years 90
days who hates guys like us because
we're different we heard he's difficult
Kim no no Ken's a puppy dog
[Music]
and so forth there's a problem the
computer will find out you get some
scotch tape and a ball of wool what are
they doing making your car faster
miles it's not a fourth man we're on the
verge of something and now you tell me
that I can't have the best man in the
world behind the wheel give me one
reason why I don't fire everyone
starting with you well sir the lighter
work faster and that don't work we're
nastier go ahead kill go to war high
risk I thought the whole point was to
win the damn race
[Applause]
if this were a beauty pageant
we just lost looks aren't everything
hello you're in great danger
get out of there now open safe house 6
welcome in the Townsend agency
I run a covert group of exceptional
women so you guys are like ladies 5 we
work outside the rules in secret
together
you may not know we exist but we are
always watching
oh you are in the presence of angels so
you might have trained to be an angel
hell yeah
give me my wings
[Applause]
[Music]
sit down keep your hands where I can see
them really not supposed to be touching
things in here unless you're supposed to
be touching things again you're adorable
Jane is about you flirting with a
handsome
[Music]
the best part is them picking down
international criminals
with you guys
and the day drinking that's what I like
the most
[Music]
so I can just take whatever I want Baro
is that an actual rule
[Music]
a vote time we're gonna work
Wingo right now
mundo Oh bingo right now that's what's
up do you think if you take the old man
did you start what a difference a day
made I'm trying to give you the tools to
succeed in this way 24 everything I do
is fear
hey stop
we are not afforded the luxury of being
average I'm the one who's trying to hold
this family together
[Music]
and the difference is you
hey I'm for Fred Rogers in here
it's a beautiful day in this
neighborhood a beautiful day for a
neighbor would you be mine could you be
mine
please vote you be my neighbor
hello neighbor mr. Rogers I'm here to
interview you it is so nice to meet you
okay whole family mr. Rogers Lloyd
please don't go my my childhood this
piece will be for an issue about heroes
do you consider yourself a hero we are
trying to get the world positive ways of
dealing with it feelings
now like what
there are many things you can do
you can play all the lowest keys on a
piano at the same time
[Music]
you love broken people
like me
as any times we have to ask for that and
that's okay
the best thing we can do
is to let people know
[Music]
that each one of them is precious
far away as north as we can go once
stood an enchanted forest you see an
enchanted forest yes it was a magical
place but something went wrong
since then no one can get in or that was
added
[Music]
what would I do without you you'll
always have me
how's Elsa seemed weird to you she seems
like Elsa there's this voice voice what
does that mean
the kingdom is not safe find who is
calling to you they may have answers I'm
going with you Anna no excuse me I climb
to the Knorr mountain survived a frozen
heart and saved you from my ex-boyfriend
so you know I'm coming that's normal
where are we how did you get in the
force the mist parted for has impossible
where did you learn magic
[Music]
you can't just follow me into fire then
don't run into fire
[Music]
magic is very alluring without you she
may lose herself
protect arendelle at all costs
I believe in you Elsa
or anything
[Music]
quick question is the whole putting up
immortal games are gonna be a regular
thing if you do wrong be afraid to shoot
us
we have training so he does not bear the
sword in vain he carries out bad on the
wrongs I will find them so you will
catch these guys in the next week for
hours they managed by us that 21 bridges
in and out of the island shut them down
what I had
it told me you were the guy who kills
killers beautiful what can go wrong you
gotta triggermen you better have perfect
diction calling me a trigger this is a
setup
call it what you want I just did did you
go down this road on looking over your
shoulder the rest of your life
can I ask you something what took you so
long to respond to me I don't feel like
being alone not tonight
he turns a tender well made you pick me
I liked your picture you have this sad
look on your face I felt sorry for you
[Music]
you made a playlist that's the key to my
phone so what happens to me you're gonna
drop me off and then you'll go home I
guess oh did you think we were gonna
have sex
you failed executed turn signal back
there
oh my bad step out of the vehicle can I
ask why officer no you may not
J'son had gone round now are you serious
what if the guy I wanted mean it died I
messed up he's playing I don't think
that's what he wanted hey is this y'all
we have to go now it's all over the news
I support which I adore it was
self-defense in the black money Clara
I'll run the police we hide in plain
sight
you know these I don't know yet
where were you safe here
it's an honor to meet y'all yeah really
gave us unbelievable I'm tired of
playing safe
on the right of that as long as my lady
remembers me finally just all I need
thank you for this journey no matter how
it is
[Music]
Harlan started out with a rusty
smith-corona and built himself into one
of the best-selling mystery writers of
all time thirty languages over 80
million copies sold you guys fans I mean
I don't do much fiction reading myself
big fan
[Music]
mr. Blanc is a private investigator of
great renown I read a tweet about a New
Yorker article about you you're famous
the night of his demise the family had
gathered to celebrate your father's 85th
birthday and your son ransom pretty
attend as well yes but he left early I
think Linda was upset
Walt would get a little Irish courage
and he'd get into it with Harlan what
Richard said what are you baiting me
detective attempting to be thorough so
we can figure out the manner of death
you made if someone killed him you think
one of us one of his family well all of
it mr. Blanc I just buried my father who
committed suicide why are you here
I suspect foul play I have eliminated no
Sussman Harlan was cleaning house
everyone in the family has possible
motive was halt and planning on cutting
off joy did he plan to file Walter
there's a Richard having an affair
that's some heavy-duty conjecture funny
ransom you skipped the funeral but
you're early for the will reading up
your ass very nice family is truly
desperate when people get desperate the
nerves come out this is a twisted web
and we are not finished untangling it
not yet it's waiting for the big reveal
all of them blood too late
there is one guilty party behind it all
you know something spill it oh my god
tell me what happened to my grandfather
I think you have something you want to
tell me
you